# SpontaneousRecovery Routines to analyse the spontaneous recovery dataData are available at the RDR website of the KU LeuvenAccompanying preprint: (waiting...)Accompanying paper: (waiting...)To extract all the parameters from the original kinematic data, run the ExtractData\_SpontaneousRecovery\_Shared.m program in matlab. This produces a new _AllSubjectsDatatest.mat_ file (you can find this file on the RDR site).To obtain all the figures and the output of the t-tests, run AnalyseData\_SpontaneousRecovery\_Shared.m data. With this, you obtain all graphics and all t-test results printed in the figure. The output of the different ANCOVA's is available at the end of this matlab function. This requires both the _AllSubjectsDatatest.mat_ file and the _WMC.mat_ file, both available on RDR. It also uses the _BarPlotJJ.m_ function (to produce the bar plots) and the _stat2text.m_ function (to write the statistical output as subtitle). It also makes use of the BoundedLine package that you can find at https://github.com/kakearney/boundedline-pkg/To reproduce the Bayesian analysis, use the _Bayesian analyses\_v2_ file in JASPTo reproduce the multilevel correlation, use the  _MultilevelCorrelation\_Implicit\_SpontRec.R_ file in R. This uses three text files (implicit\_spontrec\_groups\_NoTitle.txt to compute the multilevel correlation between implicit adaptation and spontaneous recovery; implicit_WM-K\_groups.txt to compute the multilevel correlation between implicit adaptation and working memory capacity.